So, I'm gonna say npm install dash capital D eslint dash plugin dash react.
There's just several things that we kind of want eslint to guard against with react.
There's just some common patterns.
It's funny, I can't even really tell you what they are anymore because eslint has bloodied
me over the years and I've forgotten how to do the bad things, which is probably what
you want.
It's written by error, but yeah, that's what we're gonna go fix right now.
Yeah, Mark.
Apart from class and class name, are there any gotchas when it comes to JSX that you
should be aware of?
The other big one that comes to mind is for, right?
Thinking about labels, right?
Label for this input, right?
For is also a reserved word in JavaScript for for loops, right?
So you have to do instead of, like let's say we had, I don't know, a label here.
Oh, you can see it generates it for you.
HTML for, right?
And that's just to disambiguate it from for loops.
That's the other one that comes to mind that I actually remember off the top of my head.
I think there are a couple more, but they're much more rare than those two.
Other than that, oh, you know, there is another one.
If you do input, this is valid HTML.
It is not valid at JSX.
You have to put the self-closing tag on there.
Just how JSX is sure to keep track of things, right?
JSX is designed to not be as forgiving as the browser, which I think is generally a
benefit, right?
So anything that's self-closing, just make sure that you put that last slash in there.
Even though that it's valid JavaScript, it's not technically valid JSX, okay?
So we installed MPM ESLint plugin React 7.37.1 there.
Please open your ESLint config.
We're going to import a ESLint, or sorry, what do we call it here?
React plugin.
React plugin from ESLint plugin React.
Okay, so we're going to add one more.
Let's get rid of this.
One more config object under this.
And that needs a comma.
And we're going to add our React config into this.
So we're going to say dot dot dot React plugin dot configs dot flat dot recommended.
Again, spread operator, this is just saying merge these two objects together.
Give me the union of the two.
But we're going to overwrite the settings of it.
And we're going to say React colon version detect.
This one kind of annoys me.
It is necessary.
Like, I don't know why this isn't the default.
The ESLint plugin wants to know the version of React that you're working with.
That tracks, right?
It makes sense that you would want to, like, be linting for version 19 versus version 16.
They're quite different, right?
There's some difference there.
And they have a really cool feature.
It's like, hey, look at my package.json and use that, okay?
Just always do that, right?
That's always what I want you to do.
There's never not the time that I don't want you to do that.
Anyway, thank you for writing free and open source software that I get to use, but I'm
cranky and I don't want to do that every single time.
But you do.
Anyway, this is what you have to do every single time.
So, yep, and we need one more here underneath that.
We need a React plugin.configs.flat, one called JSX Runtime.
This one is the one that will fix the error around not importing React, right?
Because otherwise it's going to be like, I expect React and React is not here.
Make sure you added JSX here if you did not previously.
Otherwise it will not lint your JSX files, which is kind of the damn point.
And then after language options here, let's add some rules.
The reason we need to put rules here and not in one of these other two, otherwise you'll
overwrite their rules configs.
These new ESLint configurations are tricky, right?
So anyway, the order becomes extremely important.
So React has two really annoying default rules and we're just going to turn them off because
I don't want to deal with it.
No unescaped entities.
Yeah, it forces you to do weird, it wants you to directly escape hyphens and ampersands
in your code.
I don't want to do that.
I want my tools to do that for me.
So I turn that off always.
And then React slash prop types.
I don't know why this one still exists.
There used to be a thing called prop types that as soon as TypeScript became a thing,
just instantly went away as being useful at all, but it's still the default that it's
on.
I don't get that either.
So like just to drive home, if you don't have this, you can't write single quotes inside
of your strings.
You have to write, what is it, and a POS, right?
You have to write that instead of writing that.
And after doing that like twice, I was like, yeah, this shit's for the birds.
I'm not doing it.
So that's why I turned that one off.
Okay I think we can leave ESLint alone for a while now.
Yeah, if you're wondering about flat, that's the new style of configuration for ESLint
9.
These are flat configs, which is where that flat word comes from.
Okay, let's go convert app.js now.
So first thing, rename this file to app.jsx.
Okay, we're going to delete the React import because we talked about that.
Import pizza from pizza, we did that.
And let's make this a bit more nice looking app.
Okay, return div, h1, we're going to call that Padre Gino's, order now.
I can just do that in normal so it doesn't highlight it.
And then we're going to do a pizza component like this.
Name equals pepperoni, capital, description equals pep, cheese, stuff.
Again, self-closing.
So one thing to call out here, notice that this is h1, lowercase h1.
Note that this is capital P, pizza.
I don't do this just by convention, it's actually required in JSX and React.
The lowercase means this is literally a DOM tag that I would like you to render just like this.
So if I have x, my web component, this means it's going to expect to actually render that because this is lowercase.
Whereas the capital P lets this know, it's like this is actually a synthetic one that I've created.
And so you have to name these uppercase.
One, it's both useful just from at a glance to be able to tell what's a DOM component versus what's a React component that I've created.
It's required by the tools.
You can see just like you give this a class name or something like that, you can pass in properties just like as if they were DOM properties.
It's meant to mimic kind of the same kind of way of doing it.
Okay, let's make a few more of these.
Hawaiian ham, pineapple.
And this was french fries.
Okay.
And then this one down here, instead of having React.CreateElementApp, we're just going to do app like that.
Okay, save that.
One more thing to do.
Go look in your index.html.
And we renamed the file, so we have to put the x there.
Right.
See if we can run our project now.
NPM run dev.
Have this open.
Padre Gino's.
This was wrong.
5173.
And you can see everything still works.
Pretty cool, right?